docs: Updating contribution guides (#7763)
appsmithorg/appsmith: contributions/CodeContributionsGuidelines.md

## Contributing code

### Getting Started

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult GitHub Help for more information on using pull requests.
Before raising a pull request, ensure you have raised a corresponding issue and discussed a possible solution with a maintainer. This gives your pull request the highest chance of getting merged quickly.

### Good First Issues 

> Looking for issues to contribute? Click [here](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith/issues?page=3&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Good+First+Issue%22) !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking for issues to contribute? [Good First Issues](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith/issues?page=3&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Good+First+Issue%22) is a great place to begin your contribution journey with Appsmith!
```
